              AEROHIVE NETWORKS, INC. END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
              
NOTICE TO END USER: THIS IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN AEROHIVE NETWORKS, INC.
("AEROHIVE") AND YOU (ON BEHALF OF YOURSELF OR AS AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE
ON BEHALF OF AN ENTITY). BY OPENING THE PACKAGE, OPENING THE SOFTWARE MEDIA
PACKAGE, INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE, AND/OR USING THE SOFTWARE AND/OR THE AEROHIVE
PRODUCT WITH WHICH THE SOFTWARE WAS PROVIDED, YOU AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS
END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (THE "AGREEMENT").  AS USED IN THIS AGREEMENT,
"AEROHIVE PRODUCT" MEANS COLLECTIVELY THE SOFTWARE AND THE RELATED AEROHIVE
HARDWARE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF THESE TERMS, PROMPTLY RETURN THE
SOFTWARE AND RELATED HARDWARE PRODUCTS TO AEROHIVE (OR IF YOU PURCHASED SUCH
PRODUCTS FROM A RESELLER, THE RESELLER FROM WHICH YOU PURCHASED THEM) AND ANY
FEES YOU HAVE PAID FOR THE PRODUCTS WILL BE REFUNDED.

1. 	LICENSE
"Software" means all Aerohive and third party software programs (in object code
form only) provided to you with the Aerohive Product, including any accompanying
documentation and any updates to the Software that may be provided to you by
Aerohive. Subject to your full compliance with all the terms and restrictions
set forth in this Agreement, Aerohive grants you a personal, non-exclusive,
non-transferable (except as expressly permitted below), non-sublicensable
license to use the Software for your personal or internal business purposes
only. You may only use the Software solely as embedded in, or for execution on,
the Aerohive hardware products.

2. 	RESTRICTIONS ON USE AND TRANSFER
Except as otherwise expressly authorized herein, you agree that you shall not,
directly or indirectly, (and shall not permit others to): (i) copy, reproduce,
modify, or create derivative works of the Software in any manner without the
prior written approval of Aerohive; (ii) copy the Software onto any public or
distributed network; (iii) translate, decompile, disassemble, or reverse
engineer the Software or any copy, in whole or in part, or otherwise attempt to
discover the source code or underlying ideas or algorithms of the Software; (iv)
rent, lease, distribute, or otherwise transfer rights to the Software; (v) use
the Software to operate in or as a time-sharing, outsourcing, service bureau,
application service provider or managed service provider environment; (vi) use
the Software as a general SQL server; or (vii) remove any proprietary notices or
labels on the Software. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may make one (1) copy
of the Software for back-up or archival purposes only, provided you include
Aerohive's and its suppliers' copyright and other proprietary rights notices
on such copy. You may physically transfer the Software and this Agreement to
another party only if (a) all related hardware products are transferred along
with the Software, (b) the other party accepts all of the terms and restrictions
of this Agreement, (c) all copies of the Software and related documentation that
are not transferred to the other party are destroyed or returned to Aerohive,
and (d) you comply with all applicable laws including any import/export control
regulations. Once transferred, the license granted to you in the Agreement shall
immediately terminate.

3. 	OWNERSHIP
You acknowledge and agree that Aerohive and its suppliers own all right, title
and interest, including, without limitation, all intellectual property rights,
in and to the Software. You are not granted any rights in the Software other
than the license rights expressly set forth above. The Software in source code
form is and shall at all times remain a confidential trade secret of Aerohive
and its suppliers. The Software is protected by the copyright and other
intellectual property laws of the United States and international treaties. You
acknowledge that, in the course of using the Software, you may obtain or learn
information relating to the Software, which may include, without limitation,
information relating to the performance, reliability or stability of the
Software, operation of the Software, know-how, techniques, processes, ideas,
algorithms, and software design and architecture ("Proprietary Information"). As
between the parties, such Proprietary Information shall belong solely to
Aerohive. During and after the term of this Agreement, you shall hold in
confidence and protect, and shall not use (except as expressly authorized by
this Agreement) or disclose, Proprietary Information to any third party.

4. 	WARRANTY AND DISCLAIMER
Aerohive warrants that the Software will perform in accordance with published
documentation for a period of three (3) months from the earlier to occur of: (i)
ninety (90) days after Aerohive ships the Aerohive Product, or (ii) the first
date on which you submit a warranty support request to Aerohive technical
support. Aerohive will have no obligation with respect to warranty issues caused
by or resulting from any of the following:  (a) installation or use of
non-Aerohive software on or in the Aerohive product; (b) modifications to the
Aerohive product made by you or any third party without Aerohive's express
written authorization; (c) damage or defects caused by accident, neglect,
misuse, failure of electric power, adverse environmental conditions,
catastrophe, or negligence; (d) your use of the Aerohive product other than as
recommended by Aerohive and/or as provided in the product documentation; or (e)
misconfiguration of the Aerohive product and/or the Software. THIS WARRANTY
APPLIES ONLY TO THE ORIGINAL PURCHASER OF THIS PRODUCT. YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY,
AND AEROHIVE'S SOLE LIABILITY, FOR ANY BREACH OF THE FOREGOING WARRANTY IS TO
REPLACE THE NON-CONFORMING SOFTWARE WITH A SOFTWARE UPDATE. EXCEPT FOR THE
EXPRESS WARRANTY SET FORTH ABOVE, AEROHIVE AND ITS SUPPLIERS DO NOT WARRANT THAT
THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE
OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. THE SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN "AS-IS" AND "WHERE-AS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. THIS
LIMITED WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER
RIGHTS WHICH VARY FROM JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION.

5.	SUPPORT AND MAINTENANCE
You may purchase support and maintenance, including new releases, enhancements
or updates of the Software, in accordance with Aerohive's then-current standard
support and maintenance terms and conditions, as posted on Aerohive's website
at www.aerohive.com/support. These terms and conditions may change from time to
time and Aerohive will post any such changes on its website.

6. 	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
A. IN NO EVENT WILL AEROHIVE, ITS SUPPLIERS, AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES BE LIABLE
FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR LOST DATA, EVEN IF THEY HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
B. IN NO EVENT WILL AEROHIVE'S TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH
THIS AGREEMENT, THE SOFTWARE, OR THE HARDWARE, FROM ALL CAUSES OF ACTION OF ANY
KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO TORT, CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY
AND BREACH OF WARRANTY, EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT YOU PAID FOR THE AEROHIVE
PRODUCT.
C. The foregoing shall apply notwithstanding any failure or inability to provide
the limited remedies set forth in this Agreement.  Some jurisdictions do not
allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the
above limitation(s) or exclusion(s) may not apply to you.

7. 	TERM
This Agreement is effective until terminated. You may terminate this Agreement
at any time by destroying all copies of the Software and related documentation.
This Agreement will terminate automatically if you fail to comply with any term
or condition of this Agreement, including any attempt to transfer a copy of the
Software to another party except as provided in this Agreement. You agree that
upon such termination, you will destroy all copies of the Software and related
documentation.

8.	U.S. GOVERNMENT RESTRICTED RIGHTS
The Software licensed under this Agreement is commercial computer software as
that term is described in 48 C.F.R. 252.227-7014(a)(1). If acquired by or on
behalf of a civilian agency, the U.S. Government acquires this commercial
computer software and/or commercial computer software documentation subject to
the terms of this Agreement as specified in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Computer Software)
and 12.211 (Technical Data) of the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) and its
successors. If acquired by or on behalf of any agency within the Department of
Defense (DOD), the U.S. Government acquires this commercial computer software
and/or commercial computer software documentation subject to the terms of this
Agreement as specified in 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-3 of the DOD FAR Supplement (DFAR)
and its successors.

9.	GENERAL
You may not assign this Agreement or any of your rights or duties, by operation
of law or otherwise, without Aerohive's prior written consent. Any attempt to
assign the Agreement without such consent will be void.  This Agreement will be
governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, excluding
its conflicts of law principals.  Any action filed by either party arising or
relating to this Agreement shall be brought in San Francisco, California, and
you irrevocably consent to and waive any objection to jurisdiction and venue in
the state and federal courts located in San Francisco, California.  The United
Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods shall not govern this
Agreement.  If any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be changed and
interpreted so as to best accomplish the objectives of the original provision to
the fullest extent allowed by law and the remaining provisions of this Agreement
shall remain in full force and effect.  No modification, amendment or waiver of
any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing and signed
by you and a duly authorized representative of Aerohive. No failure or delay by
either party in exercising any right, power, or remedy under this Agreement,
except as specifically provided herein, shall operate as a waiver of any such
right, power or remedy.  You agree to comply fully with the U.S. export laws and
to provide Aerohive with such documentation, assurances and access to records as
may be required to obtain licenses under the U.S. export laws. You agree that
you will not knowingly, without prior authorization if required, export or
re-export the Software in any medium without the appropriate United States and
foreign government licenses. If you have any questions about the terms of this
Agreement, please contact Aerohive at support@aerohive.com.